RHDEVDOCS-3410 Build release notes, Known Issues and Bug Fixes for 4.10 (#40899)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-10-release-notes.adoc

[id="ocp-4-10-osdk"]
=== Operator development

[id="ocp-4-10-builds-enh"]
=== Builds

> * With this update, you can run builds that rely on the newly-introduced OpenShift Shared Resources feature and the Insights Operator to import {op-system-base} Simple Content Access (SCA) certificates. By using this feature, you can prevent copying the Secret, along with its {op-system-base} Subscription credentials and certificates, into the same namespace as the build. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/BUILD-347[BUILD-347]

Author: @gabemontero Let's discuss this.

> * With this update, you can run builds that rely on the newly-introduced OpenShift Shared Resources feature and the Insights Operator to import {op-system-base} Simple Content Access (SCA) certificates. By using this feature, you can prevent copying the Secret, along with its {op-system-base} Subscription credentials and certificates, into the same namespace as the build. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/BUILD-347[BUILD-347]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* With this update, you can run builds that rely on the newly-introduced OpenShift Shared Resources feature and the Insights Operator to import {op-system-base} Simple Content Access (SCA) certificates. By using this feature, you can install your entitled RPMs during OpenShift Builds without having to copy your {op-system-base} Subscription credentials and certificates into your Build's namespace. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/BUILD-347[BUILD-347]
```

Author: Applied. Thanks.

|GA
|GA

> |`SharedSecret` objects for {op-system-base} entitlements

Author: @gabemontero Let's find a nice short name for the BUILD-347 feature. Here's a first pass.

Author: - "SharedSecret objects for RHEL entitlements" in  https://deploy-preview-40899--osdocs.netlify.app/openshift-enterprise/latest/release_notes/ocp-4-10-release-notes.html#ocp-4-10-technology-preview

Reviewer: Given the first line of https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.9/cicd/builds/running-entitled-builds.html let's build off of that, and say

"Entitled Builds with 'SharedSecrets'"

Author: Applied, thanks.

[id="ocp-4-10-storage"]
=== Storage

> * With this update, workloads can securely share `Secrets` and `ConfigMaps` objects across namespaces using inline ephemeral `csi` volumes provided by the Shared Resource CSI Driver. Container Storage Interface (CSI) volumes and the Shared Resource CSI Driver are Technology Preview features. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/BUILD-293[BUILD-293])

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* With this update, workloads can securely share `Secrets` and `ConfigMap` objects across namespaces using inline ephemeral `csi` volumes provided by the Shared Resource CSI Driver. Container Storage Interface (CSI) volumes and the Shared Resource CSI Driver are Technology Preview features. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/BUILD-293[BUILD-293])
```
Should this be `ConfigMap` objects?

Author: Updated. Thanks.

+
[IMPORTANT]
====
The `SharedSecret` objects and OpenShift Shared Resources feature are only available if you enable the `TechPreviewNoUpgrade` feature set. These Technology Preview features are not part of the default features. Enabling this feature set cannot be undone and prevents upgrades. This feature set is not recommended on production clusters. See xref:../post_installation_configuration/cluster-tasks.adoc#post-install-tp-tasks[Enabling Technology Preview features using FeatureGates].
====

* With this update, you can securely share `Secrets` and `ConfigMaps` objects across namespaces. This capability relies inline ephemeral volumes that are created by a new Shared Resource driver for Container Storage Interface (CSI), which is a Technology Preview feature. With this feature, workloads in one cluster namespace can consume `Secret` or `ConfigMap` objects in another namespace. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/BUILD-293[BUILD-293])

[id="ocp-4-10-jenkins"]
=== Jenkins

> * With this update, you can run a Jenkins agent as a sidecar container. You can use this to run any container image in a Jenkins pipeline with a correctly-configured pod template and Jenkinsfile. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/JKNS-132[JKNS-132])

Author: Updated. Thank you.

[id="ocp-4-10-builds"]
=== Builds

> * With this update, you can run entitled builds with `SharedSecret` objects as a Technology Preview feature. This feature relies on the newly-introduced a new Shared Resource driver and the Insights Operator to import {op-system-base} Simple Content Access (SCA) certificates. By using this feature, you can install entitled RPM packages during builds without the extra effort of copying your {op-system-base} subscription credentials and certificates into the builds' namespaces. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/BUILD-274[BUILD-274])

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* With this update, you can run entitled builds with `SharedSecret` objects as a Technology Preview feature. This feature relies on the newly introduced Shared Resource driver and the Insights Operator to import {op-system-base} Simple Content Access (SCA) certificates. By using this feature, you can install entitled RPM packages during builds without the extra effort of copying your {op-system-base} subscription credentials and certificates into the builds' namespaces. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/BUILD-274[BUILD-274])
```
- Per ISG section on compound words, "Do not use a hyphen after an adverb or adjective that ends in -ly because such terms are never ambiguous."
- Deleted `a new` because it seems to be a typo

Author: Updated. Thanks!

> * With this update, you can run entitled builds with `SharedSecret` objects as a Technology Preview feature. This feature relies on the newly-introduced a new Shared Resource driver and the Insights Operator to import {op-system-base} Simple Content Access (SCA) certificates. By using this feature, you can install entitled RPM packages during builds without the extra effort of copying your {op-system-base} subscription credentials and certificates into the builds' namespaces. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/BUILD-274[BUILD-274])

Author: @adambkaplan, please have another look at the current wording.

+
[IMPORTANT]
====
The `SharedSecret` objects and OpenShift Shared Resources feature are only available if you enable the `TechPreviewNoUpgrade` feature set. These Technology Preview features are not part of the default features. Enabling this feature set cannot be undone and prevents upgrades. This feature set is not recommended on production clusters. See xref:../post_installation_configuration/cluster-tasks.adoc#post-install-tp-tasks[Enabling Technology Preview features using FeatureGates].
====

> * With this update, workloads can securely share `Secrets` and `ConfigMaps` objects across namespaces using inline ephemeral `csi` volumes provided by the Shared Resource CSI Driver. Container Storage Interface (CSI) volumes and the Shared Resource CSI Driver are Technology Preview features. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/BUILD-293[BUILD-293])

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* With this update, workloads can securely share `Secrets` and `ConfigMap` objects across namespaces using inline ephemeral `csi` volumes provided by the Shared Resource CSI Driver. Container Storage Interface (CSI) volumes and the Shared Resource CSI Driver are Technology Preview features. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/BUILD-293[BUILD-293])
```
Should be `ConfigMap` objects

Author: Updated. Thanks.

[id="ocp-4-10-jenkins"]
=== Jenkins

> * With this update, you can run the Jenkins agent as a sidecar container. You can use this to run any container image in a Jenkins pipeline with a correctly-configured pod template and Jenkinsfile. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/JKNS-132[JKNS-132])

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* With this update, you can run the Jenkins agent as a sidecar container. You can use this to run any container image in a Jenkins pipeline with a correctly configured pod template and Jenkinsfile. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/JKNS-132[JKNS-132])
```
- Per ISG section on compound words, "Do not use a hyphen after an adverb or adjective that ends in -ly because such terms are never ambiguous."

Author: Updated. Thanks.

[id="ocp-4-10-builds"]
=== Builds

* With this update, you can use CSI volumes in OpenShift Builds, which is a Technology Preview feature. This feature relies on the newly introduced Shared Resource CSI Driver and the Insights Operator to import {op-system-base} Simple Content Access (SCA) certificates. For example, by using this feature, you can run entitled builds with `SharedSecret` objects and install entitled RPM packages during builds instead of copying your {op-system-base} subscription credentials and certificates into the builds' namespaces. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/BUILD-274[BUILD-274])
+
[IMPORTANT]
====

> The `SharedSecret` objects and OpenShift Shared Resources feature are only available if you enable the `TechPreviewNoUpgrade` feature set. These Technology Preview features are not part of the default features. Enabling this feature set cannot be undone and prevents upgrades. This feature set is not recommended on production clusters. See xref:../post_installation_configuration/cluster-tasks.adoc#post-install-tp-tasks[Enabling Technology Preview features using FeatureGates].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `SharedSecret` objects and OpenShift Shared Resources feature are only available if you enable the `TechPreviewNoUpgrade` feature set. These Technology Preview features are not part of the default feature set. Enabling this feature set cannot be undone and prevents upgrades. This feature set is not recommended on production clusters. See xref:../post_installation_configuration/cluster-tasks.adoc#post-install-tp-tasks[Enabling Technology Preview features using FeatureGates].
```
- Sounds a bit better to my ears to repeat "feature set", but you make the call.

====

* With this update, workloads can securely share `Secrets` and `ConfigMap` objects across namespaces using inline ephemeral `csi` volumes provided by the Shared Resource CSI Driver. Container Storage Interface (CSI) volumes and the Shared Resource CSI Driver are Technology Preview features. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/BUILD-293[BUILD-293])

[id="ocp-4-10-jenkins"]
=== Jenkins

> * With this update, you can run the Jenkins agent as a sidecar container. You can use this to run any container image in a Jenkins pipeline with a correctly configured pod template and Jenkinsfile. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/JKNS-132[JKNS-132])

Reviewer 3: I would the plural here for Jenkins *agents*

Also, I think we should add a link to the update template documentation to expose the presence of `java-builder` and `nodejs-builder` pod templates. As well as a way to create their own sidecar based pod templates.

> * With this update, you can run the Jenkins agent as a sidecar container. You can use this to run any container image in a Jenkins pipeline with a correctly configured pod template and Jenkinsfile. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/JKNS-132[JKNS-132])

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* With this update, you can run the Jenkins agent as a sidecar container. You can use this to run any container image in a Jenkins pipeline with a correctly configured pod template and Jenkinsfile. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/JKNS-132[JKNS-132])
```
- `You can use this` - It's unclear what `this` refers to: "update", "agent", or "container."

Author: Updated. Thanks.

+
[IMPORTANT]
====
The `SharedSecret` objects and OpenShift Shared Resources feature are only available if you enable the `TechPreviewNoUpgrade` feature set. These Technology Preview features are not part of the default features. Enabling this feature set cannot be undone and prevents upgrades. This feature set is not recommended on production clusters. See xref:../post_installation_configuration/cluster-tasks.adoc#post-install-tp-tasks[Enabling Technology Preview features using FeatureGates].
====

* With this update, workloads can securely share `Secrets` and `ConfigMap` objects across namespaces using inline ephemeral `csi` volumes provided by the Shared Resource CSI Driver. Container Storage Interface (CSI) volumes and the Shared Resource CSI Driver are Technology Preview features. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/BUILD-293[BUILD-293])

[id="ocp-4-10-jenkins"]
=== Jenkins

> * With this update, you can run Jenkins agents as sidecar containers. You can use this capability to run any container image in a Jenkins pipeline that has a correctly configured pod template and Jenkins file. Now, to compile code, you can run two new pod templates named `java-build` and `nodejs-builder` as sidecar containers with Jenkins. These two pod templates use the latest Java and NodeJS versions provided by the `java` and `nodejs` image streams in the `openshift` namespace. The previous non-sidecar  `maven` and `nodejs` pod templates have been deprecated. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/JKNS-132[JKNS-132])

Author: @akram Updated. Thanks. PTAL.

> * With this update, you can run Jenkins agents as sidecar containers. You can use this capability to run any container image in a Jenkins pipeline that has a correctly configured pod template and Jenkins file. Now, to compile code, you can run two new pod templates named `java-build` and `nodejs-builder` as sidecar containers with Jenkins. These two pod templates use the latest Java and NodeJS versions provided by the `java` and `nodejs` image streams in the `openshift` namespace. The previous non-sidecar  `maven` and `nodejs` pod templates have been deprecated. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/JKNS-132[JKNS-132])

Author: Updated. Thanks.

[id="ocp-4-10-removed-features"]
=== Removed features

> {product-title} 4.10 removes the Jenkins Operator, which was a Technology Preview feature, from the OperatorHub page in the {product-title} web console interface. Bug fixes and support are provided through the end of a future release. Then, upgrades for the Jenkins Operator will no longer be available, and the Operator will not be supported.

Reviewer 4: I think we have already produced our final version of the Jenkins operator. `0.7.2-28`.

cc @akram @jkhelil

> {product-title} 4.10 removes the Jenkins Operator, which was a Technology Preview feature, from the OperatorHub page in the {product-title} web console interface. Bug fixes and support are provided through the end of a future release. Then, upgrades for the Jenkins Operator will no longer be available, and the Operator will not be supported.

Reviewer 4: I think we have already produced our final version of the Jenkins operator. `0.7.2-28`.

cc @akram @jkhelil

> {product-title} 4.10 removes the Jenkins Operator, which was a Technology Preview feature, from the OperatorHub page in the {product-title} web console interface. Bug fixes and support are provided through the end of a future release. Then, upgrades for the Jenkins Operator will no longer be available, and the Operator will not be supported.

Author: @adambkaplan @akram @jkhelil Would it be more correct to say:
```suggestion
{product-title} 4.10 removes the Jenkins Operator, which was a Technology Preview feature, from the OperatorHub page in the {product-title} web console interface. Bug fixes and support are no longer available.
```

+

> Customers can continue to deploy Jenkins on {product-title} using the templates provided by the Samples Operator.

Reviewer 4: We also have a Helm chart.

Author: Added. Thanks!

[id="ocp-4-10-removed-features"]
=== Removed features

> {product-title} 4.10 removes the Jenkins Operator, which was a Technology Preview feature, from the OperatorHub page in the {product-title} web console interface. Bug fixes and support are no longer available.

Author: @adambkaplan @akram @jkhelil WDYT about the statement that "Bug fixes and support are no longer available."

+

> Instead, you can continue to deploy Jenkins on {product-title} by using the templates provided by the Samples Operator. Equally, you can install the Jenkins Helm Chart from the Developer Catalog by using the *Helm* page in the *Developer* perspective of the web console.

Reviewer 4: lgtm

> Instead, you can continue to deploy Jenkins on {product-title} by using the templates provided by the Samples Operator. Equally, you can install the Jenkins Helm Chart from the Developer Catalog by using the *Helm* page in the *Developer* perspective of the web console.

Author: Updated. Thanks.

[id="ocp-4-10-removed-features"]
=== Removed features

> {product-title} 4.10 removes the Jenkins Operator, which was a Technology Preview feature, from the OperatorHub page in the {product-title} web console interface. Bug fixes and support are no longer available.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{product-title} 4.10 removes the Jenkins Operator, which was a Technology Preview feature, from the *OperatorHub* page in the {product-title} web console interface. Bug fixes and support are no longer available.
```
- Per the SSG,  names of UI elements need to be in bold text. I'm not sure if `OperatorHub` is a UI element (i.e. name of the page that appears in the UI), though.

Author: Updated. Thanks.

Support for empty files using the `--registry-config` and `--to` flags in `oc registry login` has been deprecated. Support for `-` (standard output) has also been deprecated as an argument when using `oc registry login`. They will be removed in a future version of {product-title}.

[id="ocp-4-10-jenkins-non-sidecar-podtemplates-deprecation"]
==== Non-sidecar pod templates for Jenkins deprecation

> In {product-title} 4.10, the non-sidecar `maven` and `nodejs` pod templates for Jenkins, are deprecated. These pod templates are planned for removal in a future release. Bug fixes and support are provided through the end of that future life cycle, after which no new feature enhancements are made. Instead, with this update, you can run Jenkins agents as sidecar containers. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/JKNS-257[JKNS-257])

Author: @akram Updated. Thanks. Please also have a look at this one.

> In {product-title} 4.10, the non-sidecar `maven` and `nodejs` pod templates for Jenkins, are deprecated. These pod templates are planned for removal in a future release. Bug fixes and support are provided through the end of that future life cycle, after which no new feature enhancements are made. Instead, with this update, you can run Jenkins agents as sidecar containers. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/JKNS-257[JKNS-257])

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In {product-title} 4.10, the non-sidecar `maven` and `nodejs` pod templates for Jenkins are deprecated. These pod templates are planned for removal in a future release. Bug fixes and support are provided through the end of that future life cycle, after which no new feature enhancements are made. Instead, with this update, you can run Jenkins agents as sidecar containers. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/JKNS-257[JKNS-257])
```

Author: Updated. Thanks.

[id="ocp-4-10-builds-bug-fixes"]
==== Builds

* Before this update, if you created a build configuration containing an image change trigger in {product-title} 4.7.x or earlier, the image change trigger might trigger builds continuously.
+

> This issue happened because, with the deprecation and removal of the `lastTriggeredImageID` field from the `BuildConfig` spec for Builds, the image change trigger controller stopped checking that field before instantiating builds. {product-title} 4.8 introduced new fields in the status that the image change trigger controller needed to check, but didn't.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This issue happened because, with the deprecation and removal of the `lastTriggeredImageID` field from the `BuildConfig` spec for Builds, the image change trigger controller stopped checking that field before instantiating builds. {product-title} 4.8 introduced new fields in the status that the image change trigger controller needed to check, but did not.
```

Author: Updated. Thanks.

+

> With this update, the image change trigger controller continuously checks the correct fields in the spec and status for the last triggered image ID and only triggers a build when necessary. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2004203[BZ#2004203])

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With this update, the image change trigger controller continuously checks the correct fields in the spec and status for the last triggered image ID and thus only triggers a build when necessary. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2004203[BZ#2004203])
```
I find the last part of this sentence to be a bit awkwardly worded. I've added "thus" to emphasize the logical result of the fix, but I'm not sure how well it works. What do you think? Maybe the sentence needs to be split into two?

Author: Updated. Thanks.

> * Before this update, image references in Builds needed to specify the Red Hat registry name explicitly.  With this update, if an image reference does not contain the registry, the Build searches the Red Hat registries and the other well-known registries to locate the image. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2011293[BZ#2011293])

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Before this update, image references in Builds needed to specify the Red Hat registry name explicitly.  With this update, if an image reference does not contain the registry, the Build searches the Red Hat registries and other well-known registries to locate the image. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2011293[BZ#2011293])
```

Author: Updated. Thanks.

[discrete]
[id="ocp-4-10-jenkins-bug-fixes"]
==== Jenkins

> * Before this update, version 1.0.48 of the OpenShift Jenkins Sync Plugin introduced a `NullPointerException` error when Jenkins notified the plug-in of new jobs that were not associated with an OpenShift Jenkins Pipeline Build Strategy Build Config. Ultimately, this error was benign because there was no `BuildConfig` object to associate with the incoming Jenkins Job. Core Jenkins ignored the exception in our plug-in and moved on to the next listener. However, a long stack trace showed up in the Jenkins log that distracted users. With this update, the plug-in resolves the issue by making the proper checks to avoid this error. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2030692[BZ#2030692])

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Before this update, version 1.0.48 of the OpenShift Jenkins Sync Plugin introduced a `NullPointerException` error when Jenkins notified the plug-in of new jobs that were not associated with an OpenShift Jenkins Pipeline Build Strategy Build Config. Ultimately, this error was benign because there was no `BuildConfig` object to associate with the incoming Jenkins Job. Core Jenkins ignored the exception in our plug-in and moved on to the next listener. However, a long stack trace showed up in the Jenkins log that distracted users. With this update, the plug-in resolves the issue by making the proper checks to avoid this error and the subsequent stack trace. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2030692[BZ#2030692])
```

Author: Updated. Thanks.

* Before this update, performance improvements in version 1.0.48 of the OpenShift Sync Jenkins plug-in incorrectly specified the labels accepted for `ConfigMap` and `ImageStream` objects intended to map into the Jenkins Kubernetes plug-in pod templates. As a result, the plug-in no longer imported pod templates from `ConfigMap` and `ImageStream` objects with the 'jenkins-agent' label.
+

> This update corrects accepted label specification so that the plug-in imports pod templates from `ConfigMap` and `ImageStream` objects that have the 'jenkins-agent' label. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2034839[2034839])

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This update corrects the accepted label specification so that the plug-in imports pod templates from `ConfigMap` and `ImageStream` objects that have the 'jenkins-agent' label. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2034839[2034839])
```

Author: Updated. Thanks.

[discrete]
[id="ocp-4-10-jenkins-bug-fixes"]
==== Jenkins

* Before this update, version 1.0.48 of the OpenShift Jenkins Sync Plugin introduced a `NullPointerException` error when Jenkins notified the plug-in of new jobs that were not associated with an OpenShift Jenkins Pipeline Build Strategy Build Config. Ultimately, this error was benign because there was no `BuildConfig` object to associate with the incoming Jenkins Job. Core Jenkins ignored the exception in our plug-in and moved on to the next listener. However, a long stack trace showed up in the Jenkins log that distracted users. With this update, the plug-in resolves the issue by making the proper checks to avoid this error and the subsequent stack trace. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2030692[BZ#2030692])

* Before this update, performance improvements in version 1.0.48 of the OpenShift Sync Jenkins plug-in incorrectly specified the labels accepted for `ConfigMap` and `ImageStream` objects intended to map into the Jenkins Kubernetes plug-in pod templates. As a result, the plug-in no longer imported pod templates from `ConfigMap` and `ImageStream` objects with the `jenkins-agent` label.
+

> This update corrects the accepted label specification so that the plug-in imports pod templates from `ConfigMap` and `ImageStream` objects that have the `jenkins-agent` label. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2034839[2034839])

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This update corrects the accepted label specification so that the plug-in imports pod templates from `ConfigMap` and `ImageStream` objects have the `jenkins-agent` label. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2034839[2034839])
```

Author: Here, we're using `that` to add a restrictive clause. 
- From which `ConfigMap` and `ImageStream` objects does the plug-in import pod templates? 
- Only from `ConfigMap` and `ImageStream` objects that have a `jenkins-agent` label.

Reviewer 2: Here's how I read it: "This update corrects A so that the Bs and Cs from Ds that have the E label." That strikes me as ungrammatical. Or am I just completely not getting it?

* Previously, if a machine config included a compressed file with the `spec.config.storage.files.contents.compression` parameter set to `gzip`, the Machine Config Daemon (MCD) incorrectly wrote the compressed file to disk without extracting it. With this fix, the MCD now extracts a compressed file when the compression parameter is set to `gzip`. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1970218[*BZ#1970218*])

> * Previously, systemd units were cleaned up only when completely removed. As a result, systemd units could not be unmasked by using a machine config because the masks were not being removed unless the systemd unit was completely removed. With this fix, when you configure a systemd unit as `mask: true` in a machine config, any existing masks are removed. As a result, systemd units can be unmasked. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1966445[*BZ#1966445*])

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Previously, systemd units were cleaned up only when completely removed. As a result, systemd units could not be unmasked by using a machine config because the masks were not being removed unless the systemd unit was completely removed. With this fix, when you configure a systemd unit as `mask: true` in a machine config, any existing masks are removed. As a result, systemd units can now be unmasked. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1966445[*BZ#1966445*])
```
Not a necessary addition, but I like to stress the "then vs now" when talking about bug fixes

Author: Updated. Thanks.

[id="ocp-4-10-samples-bug-fixes"]
==== Samples

> * Before this update, if the Cluster Samples Operator encountered an `APIServerConflictError` error, it reported `sample-operator` as having `Degraded status` until it recovered. Momentary errors of this type are not unusual during upgrades and were causing undue concern for administrators monitoring the Operator status. With this update, if the Operator encounters a momentary error, it no longer indicates `openshift-samples` as having `Degraded status` and retries to connect to the API server. Momentary shifts to `Degraded status` should no longer occur. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1993840[BZ#1993840])

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Before this update, if the Cluster Samples Operator encountered an `APIServerConflictError` error, it reported `sample-operator` as having `Degraded status` until it recovered. Momentary errors of this type are not unusual during upgrades but caused undue concern for administrators monitoring the Operator status. With this update, if the Operator encounters a momentary error, it no longer indicates `openshift-samples` as having `Degraded status` and tries again to connect to the API server. Momentary shifts to `Degraded status` should no longer occur. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1993840[BZ#1993840])
```

Author: Updated. Thank you.

> * Before this update, various allowed and block registry configuration options of the cluster image configuration might block the Cluster Samples Operator from creating image streams. When that happened, the samples operator marked itself as degraded, which impacted the general {product-title} install and upgrade status.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Before this update, various allowed and blocked registry configuration options in the cluster image configuration might block the Cluster Samples Operator from creating image streams. As a result, the samples operator might mark itself as degraded, which impacted the general {product-title} install and upgrade status.
```
- should `block` be `blocked`?
- Reword `When that happened` because "that" has no clear antecedent.

Author: Updated. Thanks.

+

> The Cluster Samples Operator can bootstrap itself as removed in various circumstances. With this update, these circumstances include when the image controller configuration parameters prevent the creation of image streams by using the default image registry or the image registry specified by the `samplesRegistry` setting. The Operator status also indicates that the cluster image configuration is preventing the creation of the sample image streams. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2002368[BZ#2002368])

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Cluster Samples Operator can bootstrap itself as removed in various circumstances. With this update, these circumstances include when the image controller configuration parameters prevent the creation of image streams by using either the default image registry or the image registry specified by the `samplesRegistry` setting. The Operator status also indicates that the cluster image configuration is preventing the creation of the sample image streams. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2002368[BZ#2002368])
```
- I don't understand what "bootstrap itself as removed" means. Is this correct terminology for this feature?
- Added "either" to emphasize that there are two alternative options

Author: Updated. Thanks.

[id="ocp-4-10-samples-bug-fixes"]
==== Samples

* Before this update, if the Cluster Samples Operator encountered an `APIServerConflictError` error, it reported `sample-operator` as having `Degraded status` until it recovered. Momentary errors of this type were not unusual during upgrades but caused undue concern for administrators monitoring the Operator status. With this update, if the Operator encounters a momentary error, it no longer indicates `openshift-samples` as having `Degraded status` and tries again to connect to the API server. Momentary shifts to `Degraded status` no longer occur. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1993840[BZ#1993840])

* Before this update, various allowed and blocked registry configuration options in the cluster image configuration might prevent the Cluster Samples Operator from creating image streams. As a result, the samples operator might mark itself as degraded, which impacted the general {product-title} install and upgrade status.
+

> In various circumstances, the management state of the Cluster Samples Operator can transition to `Removed`. With this update, these circumstances include when the image controller configuration parameters prevent the creation of image streams by using either the default image registry or the image registry specified by the `samplesRegistry` setting. The Operator status also indicates that the cluster image configuration is preventing the creation of the sample image streams. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2002368[BZ#2002368])

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In various circumstances, the management state of the Cluster Samples Operator can transition to `Removed`. With this update, these circumstances now include when the image controller configuration parameters prevent the creation of image streams by using either the default image registry or the image registry specified by the `samplesRegistry` setting. The Operator status now also indicates that the cluster image configuration is preventing the creation of the sample image streams. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2002368[BZ#2002368])
```
This description needs better "then vs now" contrast. As phrased, I'm not entirely clear what has changed with the update.

Author: Updated. Thanks.

|GA
|GA

|Entitled builds with `SharedSecret` objects
|-
|-
|TP

> 

Reviewer 4: I would use something like "CSI Volumes in OpenShift Builds". The feature allows for more than entitled builds - for instance, builds can also use Vault secrets if the customer installs the Secret Store CSI driver (third party, not supported by Red Hat).

Author: I'm reluctant to describe unsupported third-arty capabilities in our release notes. Please have another look at the way I've reworded the release note for BUILD-274 and let's see if there's another way to describe the flexibility that this new TP feature provides.

|CSI inline ephemeral volumes
|TP
|TP
|TP

|CSI vSphere Driver Operator
|TP
|TP
|

|OpenShift Shared Resources
|-
|-
|TP

|Shared Resource driver for CSI
|-
|-
|TP

> 

Reviewer 4: These are the same thing, no?

I would also call it the "Shared Resource CSI Driver", to align with other CSI Driver names (example - "AWS Elastic Block Store CSI Driver")

Author: Updated. Thanks.

* The ability to delete operands from the web console using the `delete all operands` option is currently disabled. It will be re-enabled in a future version of {product-title}. For more information, see link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2012120[BZ#2012120] and link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2012971[BZ#2012971].

> * This release contains a known issue with Jenkins. If you customize the hostname and certificate of the OpenShift OAuth route, Jenkins no longer trusts the OAuth server endpoint. As a result, users cannot log in to the Jenkins console if they rely on the OpenShift OAuth integration to manage identity and access.

Reviewer 4: We should also include https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2055653 as a known issue. This is something that we plan on fixing in an early z-stream. It was found late and didn't make the release cutoff.

Author: Thanks. I've added it below, on line 1521.

* The ability to delete operands from the web console using the `delete all operands` option is currently disabled. It will be re-enabled in a future version of {product-title}. For more information, see link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2012120[BZ#2012120] and link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2012971[BZ#2012971].

* This release contains a known issue with Jenkins. If you customize the hostname and certificate of the OpenShift OAuth route, Jenkins no longer trusts the OAuth server endpoint. As a result, users cannot log in to the Jenkins console if they rely on the OpenShift OAuth integration to manage identity and access.
+
Workaround: See the Red Hat Knowledgebase solution, link:https://access.redhat.com/solutions/6470721[Deploy Jenkins on OpenShift with Custom OAuth Server URL]. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1991448[*BZ#1991448*])

> * This release contains a known issue with Jenkins. The `xmlstarlet` command line toolkit, which is required to validate or query XML files, is missing from this {op-system-base}-based image. There is no workaround at this time. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2055653[BZ#2055653])

Author: @adambkaplan WDYT?

Reviewer 4: We should note that this impacts deployments that do not use OpenShift OAuth for authentication. OpenShift OAuth is enabled by default, though customers can disable it.

Reviewer 2: @rolfe If there's no workaround to this issue, are there use cases where users shouldn't update to this version?

Author: Updated. Thanks.

* This release contains a known issue with Jenkins. If you customize the hostname and certificate of the OpenShift OAuth route, Jenkins no longer trusts the OAuth server endpoint. As a result, users cannot log in to the Jenkins console if they rely on the OpenShift OAuth integration to manage identity and access.
+
Workaround: See the Red Hat Knowledgebase solution, link:https://access.redhat.com/solutions/6470721[Deploy Jenkins on OpenShift with Custom OAuth Server URL]. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1991448[*BZ#1991448*])

* This release contains a known issue with Jenkins. The `xmlstarlet` command line toolkit, which is required to validate or query XML files, is missing from this {op-system-base}-based image. This issue impacts deployments that do not use OpenShift OAuth for authentication. Although OpenShift OAuth is enabled by default, users can disable it.
+

> Workaround: Consider using OpenShift OAuth for authentication. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2055653[BZ#2055653])

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Workaround: Use OpenShift OAuth for authentication. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2055653[BZ#2055653])
```
If this is the only way to work around the issue and users need to work around it, then just tell them to use `OpenShift Oauth` rather than merely to consider using it.

Author: Thanks. Updated.
